c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\SDL2.dll
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\SDL2.dll
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\soft_oal.dll
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\soft_oal.dll
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libopenal.so.1
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libopenal.so.1
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\libSDL2-2.0.0.dylib
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\dungeon_monogame.exe
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\dungeon_monogame.pdb
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\obj\Debug\dungeon_monogame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\obj\Debug\dungeon_monogame.exe
c:\users\isaac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\obj\Debug\dungeon_monogame.pdb
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\DeferredRender.xnb
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\dfg.xnb
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Effect.xnb
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\menuFont.xnb
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\RenderSceneFromGBuffer.xnb
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\vignette.xnb
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\SDL2.dll
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\SDL2.dll
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\soft_oal.dll
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\soft_oal.dll
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libopenal.so.1
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libopenal.so.1
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\libSDL2-2.0.0.dylib
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\libopenal.1.dylib
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\DeferredRender.fx
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\dfg.png
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Effect.fx
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\RenderSceneFromGBuffer.fx
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\vignette.png
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\slime\goo.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\slime\slime1.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\slime\slime2.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\blueFlower.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\castleOnHill.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\chest.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\colortest.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\dungeon1.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\dungeonWithGround.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\goblin1.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\lantern.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\mushroom.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\simple_sword.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\smoke.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\spell.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\test.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\voxel_models\torch.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\obj\Debug\dungeon_monogame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\obj\Debug\dungeon_monogame.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\GenerateWorlds.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\GenerateWorlds.application
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\GenerateWorlds.exe
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\GenerateWorlds.pdb
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\obj\Debug\GenerateWorlds.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\obj\Debug\GenerateWorlds.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\obj\Debug\GenerateWorlds.application
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\obj\Debug\GenerateWorlds.exe
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\obj\Debug\GenerateWorlds.pdb
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\4wayChamber.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\chamber_megatile.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\cloisterCeiling.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\cloisterCorner.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\cloisterHallWall.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\cloisterWall.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\columnBase.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\ColumnBaseDamaged.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\columnRoomCornerBase.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\columnRoomCornerTop.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\columnRoomEntrance.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\columnRoomEntranceFromHallSideDoor.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\columnRoomWall.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\columnRoomWalltop.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\columnTop.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\genericRoomConcaveCorner.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\genericRoomConvexCorner.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\genericRoomConvexHearthCorner.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\genericRoomWall.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\hall.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\hallCorner.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\hallToGenericRoom.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\hallWithSideEntrance.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\largeStairBottom.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\largeStairTop.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\solidStone.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\teeStairBottom.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\21_dungeon\teeStairTop.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\4way.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\corner - Copy.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\corner.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\hall - Copy (2).vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\hall - Copy.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\hall.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\hallRoomEntrance.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\solid.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\stairBottom.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\stairBottomTee.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\stairTop.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\stairTopTee.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\15_dungeon\tee.vox
C:\Users\Isaac\Desktop\comp460\dungeon_monogame\dungeon_monogame\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\trivial_tile_set\hall.vox
